Adds benefits of rhdh (#663)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/discover/con-benefits-of-rhdh.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="benefits-of-rhdh_{context}"]
= Benefits of {product}

Increased developer productivity::
Eliminates common organizational challenges, enabling seamless collaboration, and providing clear guidelines for creating, developing, and deploying applications.

Unified Self-Service Dashboard::
Provides development teams with a unified dashboard covering aspects such as:

* Git
* Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)
* Static Application Security Testing (SAST)/Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST)
* Supply Chain
* OpenShift/Kubernetes cluster
* JIRA
* Monitoring
* API
* Documentation

+

> All curated by a platform engineering team, aligning with the company's best practices.

Reviewer: sentence fragment.

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="benefits-of-rhdh_{context}"]
== Benefits of {product}

> {product} is designed to streamline developer workflow by providing a consistent self-service experience and can simplify application development through pre-built resources and enhanced collaboration tools.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: maybe move this sentence at the end of the introduction?

Author: Please clarify @themr0c. At the end of the introduction, do you mean at the end of the preface?

Reviewer 2: Yes, the assembly file.

> The following are the benefits of {product}:
> 

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: maybe remove as fluff. This sentence is only rephrasing the title.

```suggestion
```

Unified Self-Service Dashboard::
Provides development teams with a unified dashboard covering aspects such as:

* Git
* Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)
* Static Application Security Testing (SAST)/Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST)
* Supply Chain
* OpenShift/Kubernetes cluster
* JIRA
* Monitoring
* API
* Documentation

+
All curated by a platform engineering team, aligning with the company's best practices.

Best practices through software templates::
Automates organizational best practices by encoding common tasks such as:
* Creating new applications
* Running Ansible jobs
* Establishing CI/CD pipelines for production deployment in Git

Scalable technical documentation::
Code and documentation is in the same repository, eliminating dependencies on proprietary document systems.

Efficient onboarding for new developers::
New developers can adapt quickly and become productive within a short time frame.

Robust enterprise Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)::
Empowers administrators to:
* Create roles
* Assign users or groups to roles
* Implement robust security policies for enhanced access control

.Additional resources

>   * For more information about the different features of {product} and how to extend the upstream Backstage product, see link:https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview[{product} overview].

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: avoid mention of Backstage. Customer will extend {product}.

```suggestion
  * For more information about the different features of {product} and how to extend it, see link:https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview[{product} overview].
```
